Add a general information page about the training (#1732)
carpentries/instructor-training: learners/training_info.md

If you have registered to join an Instructor Training event, you should have received a connection link in the information email about your training event. 
If you did not receive that email, please check your spam folder then email [instructor.training@carpentries.org](mailto:instructor.training@carpentries.org) to request help.

If your training event will take place in-person, you will receive details about the location directly from your Trainers before the event.

#### Accessibility

We are committed to making this training accessible to everybody.

Materials will be provided in advance of the event.

We do not require participants to provide documentation of disabilities or disclose any unnecessary personal information. 
However, we do want to help create an inclusive, accessible experience for all participants.
We encourage you to share any information that would be helpful to make your Carpentries experience accessible.
To request an accommodation for this training, please fill out the [accommodation request form](https://carpentries.typeform.com/to/B2OSYaD0).

> If you have questions or need assistance with the accommodation form please [email us](mailto:team@carpentries.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have questions or need assistance with the accommodation form please [email us](mailto:community@carpentries.org).
```

For events in which registration occurs through The Carpentries via Eventbrite, cancellation may be performed in Eventbrite up to the start of the event.
Canceled seats cannot be filled after the 1 week registration deadline for these events, so we ask that you only cancel if absolutely necessary.

More information on our [cancellation and makeup policy](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/instructor_training/cancellations_and_makeups.html) is available in The Carpentries Handbook.

### Contact
Please contact your Trainers using the details provided in the information email for your event or [email us](mailto:instructor.training@carpentries.org) with questions about Instructor Training.

## Training Materials and Schedule
This website contains the curriculum for Instructor Training.
Use the left sidebar to browse the content, and visit [the landing page in Instructor View](https://carpentries.github.io/instructor-training/instructor/index.html#schedule) for a sample schedule for a 2-day event.

> Note that many Instructor Training events take place over four half-days, and this schedule will not apply in those cases.

Reviewer 2: the schedule actually just times things out over ~16 straight hours , but all 4 parts are indicated. I have opened a [PR proposing adding explanatory text](https://github.com/carpentries/instructor-training/pull/1733/files) on the linked page, but we should rephrase here too (at a minimum to reflect that the schedule is over 16 hours not 2 days)

Author: ```suggestion
Use the left sidebar to browse the content, and visit [the landing page in Instructor View](https://carpentries.github.io/instructor-training/instructor/index.html#schedule) for a sample schedule.
Most Instructor Training events take place over four half-days, and the majority of others span two full days.
```

Good point, thanks @brownsarahm. How's this?

Reviewer 2: this looks good to me
